docs/flow: add screenshots for the UI in the debugging page (#2242)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/monitoring/debugging.md

> The documentation for the [`agent run`][agent run] command describes how to
> modify the address Grafana Agent listens on for HTTP traffic.

### Home page

![](../../../assets/ui-home-page.png)

The home page shows a table of components defined in the config file along with

> their health. Clicking **View** navigates to the [Component detail page](#component-detail-page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their health. 

Click **View** to navigate to the [Component detail page](#component-detail-page)
```

for that component.

> Clicking the Grafana Agent logo navigates back to the home page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the Grafana Agent logo to navigate back to the home page.
```

### Graph page

![](../../../assets/ui-graph-page.png)

> The **Graph** page shows a graph view of all running components along with

Author: Yeah, running is maybe misleading. 

WDYT about:

> The **Graph* page shows a graph view of all components defined in the config file along with ...

> The **Graph** page shows a graph view of all running components along with

Reviewer 2: Sounds good
